[IMP] Inventory: Bring multi-package shipments current (#16548)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/multipack.rst

Configuration
=============

To split a delivery order across multiple packages, the *Packages* setting must be enabled. To do
so, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`, then in the

> *Operations* section, select the :guilabel:`Packages` check box. Click :guilabel:`Save` to confirm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Operations* section, select the :guilabel:`Packages` checkbox. Click :guilabel:`Save` to confirm
```

the change.

.. image:: multipack/packages-setting.png
   :alt: The Packages setting on the Inventory app settings page.

.. _inventory/shipping/multiple-packages:

Ship items in multiple packages
===============================

To split items in the same delivery order across multiple packages, begin by navigating to the
:menuselection:`Inventory` app. On the *Inventory Overview* page, click the :guilabel:`# to Deliver`
button on the *Delivery Orders* card. Finally, select a delivery order that has multiple items,
multiple quantities of the same item, or both.

On the *Operations* tab, select the :icon:`fa-list` :guilabel:`(Open Move)` icon in for the product
that will be shipped in the first package.

.. image:: multipack/product-menu-icon.png
   :alt: The menu icon for a product in a delivery order.

This opens the *Open: Stock move* pop-up window. In the table of the pop-up window, the

> :guilabel:`Quantity` column shows the total quantity of the product included in the delivery order.

Reviewer 2: match phrasing in next paragraph to reduce confusion

If the full quantity will be shipped in the first package, enter the :guilabel:`Demand` quantity in
the :guilabel:`Quantity` column. If less than the full quantity will be shipped in the first
package, enter a smaller value than the :guilabel:`Demand` quantity. Then, specify a
:guilabel:`Destination Package` for the product.

.. image:: multipack/detailed-operations.png
   :alt: The stock move pop-up for a product in a delivery order.

If the product is to be split into multiple packages, click the :guilabel:`Add a line` link and
split the :guilabel:`Quantity` between the different :guilabel:`Destination Package` options that
are created.

Click :guilabel:`Save` to confirm the packages and close the pop-up.

If packaging multiple products into the same package, repeat the same steps for every product in the
package. Be sure to specify the same :guilabel:`Destination Package` in the *Open: Stock move*
window.

For the next package, follow the same steps outlined above, marking the :guilabel:`Quantity` and
:guilabel:`Destination Package` for each item to be included. Continue doing so until the full
quantity of all products has been added to packages.

> Finally, after all packages have been shipped, click :guilabel:`Validate` to confirm that the

Reviewer 2: another nitpick, is **validate** what actually completes the order? if so, then consider "click **Validate** to complete the delivery order.
